docs: remove API Reference overview pages, fold into endpoints (#389)
DeepLcom/api-docs: api-reference/voice/request-session.mdx

---
openapi: post /v3/voice/realtime
title: "Request Session"

> description: "Request an ephemeral streaming URL and authentication token to initiate a Voice API WebSocket session."

Author: **Description slightly exceeds action-oriented framing convention**

The frontmatter description is functional but starts with a noun phrase ('Request an ephemeral streaming URL...') rather than an imperative or 'Learn how to' framing. CLAUDE.md asks descriptions to tell developers what they'll do, not what the endpoint does.

```suggestion
description: "Get an ephemeral streaming URL and authentication token to start a Voice API WebSocket session."
```
